Update meeting minutes for November 11, 2025 (#430)
hiero-ledger/governance: project-meetings/marketing-community-engagement/agenda-minutes/2025-11-11.md

  
# Minutes

- Marketing team to meet with Tomaz to talk more about case studies
- Event promotion and community meetings in a recurring way
  - Brandon and Milan to create social promotion for events

>   - We need a process and how to's to promote events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We need to develop a process for promoting events
```

  - Hiero social channels? Struggle to get followers. LFDT's account and Hedera channels can be used leveraging the audience that we already have.
  - Promoting Hiero in LFDT channels can be difficult to get the right audience given the LFDT scope of the topics is to wide since it includes projects that might not be related.
  - P1- Promote more regularly to the Hedera community and share to LFDT for further promotion.
  - Promoting the community meetings and calendar is not easy to find on its own. Needs promotion.
  - Hiero.org needs to have a better backend to be able to maintain it easily. Hendrik working on a POC to improve it.
  - We need a calendar for teams to promote their work and their roadmap to other teams.
    - Could we leverage Meetups to promote the team's work?
  - We need more support on website design. (Reach out to the community)

# Actions

> - Add a section about meetings and upcomming events in the beginning of the meeting for Marketing and TSC meetings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a section about meetings and upcoming events in the beginning of the meeting for Marketing and TSC meetings.
```

> - We need to start working on the lower hangging fruit items that can be addressed easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We need to start working on the lower hanging fruit items that can be addressed easier.
```
